{"Title": "Swiss Miss-Fit", "Year": "1957", "Rated": "TV-G", "Released": "02 Dec 1957", "Runtime": "6 min", "Genre": "Animation, Family, Short", "Director": "Alex Lovy", "Writer": "Homer Brightman", "Actors": "Dal McKennon", "Plot": "Chilly Willy's best cartoons were perfect examples of how a potentially one-joke character and concept could end up actually being a perfect mix of the cute and the funny with a lot of colour and good comic timing to go with it.'Swiss Miss-Fit' is a bit like the previous cartoon 'The Big Snooze', it's nice enough but is not Chilly at his best. When you compare this to especially the two Chilly Willy cartoons directed by Tex Avery (two of the best of both Chilly and Avery) the difference in quality is drastic. There are far funnier and more inventive cartoons of his that execute their stories with much more imagination and variation without following too much of a formula (though admittedly a few of them were still predictable).Certainly there are good things. The animation does have a lot of luscious colours and handsome backgrounds, Chilly is also well drawn and the setting has a nice atmosphere that suits the formula well. The music is full of lively bounce and character, with luscious orchestration. It not only adds to the action and visuals but enhances them too.Enough of the gags do amuse and it is always remarkable at what Chilly has up his sleeve and how he does it. As said with 'The Big Snooze', the chemistry between the characters is fun enough, if not always inspired.Chilly is adorable and is also a lot of fun, with his actions speaking far louder than words.However, again like 'The Big Snooze', the story is not only predictable but quite repetitive too, this is not exactly new conceptually and little original is done with it. While the gags are amusing and are reasonably well timed they're not exactly hilarious, there have been funnier gags in other Chilly Willy cartoons with more variation.Narration is delivered well but doesn't add much, a bit over-explanatory and doesn't really entertain or teach. If you want examples of good narration in cartoons, look no further than the 'How To' Goofy cartoons.In 'Swiss Miss-Fit' Chilly's opponent is a rescue dog. Good chemistry with Chilly and engaging enough, but in terms of comic timing and in out-doing Chilly in personality he is no Smedley. Again, the pace could have been sharper and the animation is not always refined drawing-wise.All in all, nice if unexceptional. 6/10 Bethany Cox", "Language": "English", "Country": "United States", "Awards": "N/A", "Poster": "N/A", "Ratings": [{"Source": "Internet Movie Database", "Value": "5.6/10"}], "Metascore": "N/A", "imdbRating": "5.6", "imdbVotes": "38", "imdbID": "tt0149222", "Type": "movie", "DVD": "N/A", "BoxOffice": "N/A", "Production": "N/A", "Website": "N/A", "Response": "True"}