{"Title": "Busman's Holiday", "Year": "1961", "Rated": "N/A", "Released": "25 Jul 1961", "Runtime": "6 min", "Genre": "Family, Animation, Short", "Director": "Paul J. Smith", "Writer": "Dalton Sandifer", "Actors": "Daws Butler, Grace Stafford", "Plot": "Was very fond of Woody Woodpecker and his cartoons as a child. Still get much enjoyment out of them now as a young adult, even if there are more interesting in personality cartoon characters and better overall cartoons.That is in no way knocking Woody, because many of his cartoons are a lot of fun to watch and more and also still like him a lot as a character. While fun and a suitably annoying pest to the characters without being obnoxious to the viewer, Woody around this period was rather toned down and subdued in personality, apart from a few manic energy moments, this is true of 'Busman's Holiday'. The supporting characters, especially Pierre and the poor bus driver, are pretty good.'Busman's Holiday' is another one of the late period Woody Woodpecker cartoons that is serviceable enough but nowhere near close to the standard set so high when Woody Woodpecker first started and continued all the way to the mid-50s (when the decline in animation and writing became noticeable).The music stands out as particularly good here. It is bouncy, energetic and very lushly orchestrated, not only synchronising and fitting with the action very well but enhancing it. There are amusing moments here, the beginning set things up nicely and the ending is delightfully wild.Voice acting is solid. Grace Stafford continues to prove why she was the best voice actor for the character and the one that understood him the most. Pacing is suitably lively on the most part and as said the supporting characters are fun and have good interplay with Woody (who's fun to fun but a bit subdued when contrasted to his original manic personality).On the other hand, the story has little surprises and there isn't much of one. Some of Woody's antics are predictable and repetitive, there for example could have been much more variety with the ladder gag.Faring least is the animation. Time and budget constraints shows in some of the animation, which is a little rushed looking in the drawing and detail wise it's on the simplistic and careless side like many of Woody's cartoons from this period continuing through to the 60s.All in all, decently serviceable but a long way from being one of Woody's best. 6/10 Bethany Cox", "Language": "English", "Country": "United States", "Awards": "N/A", "Poster": "https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BZjNlMWY1MzQtNzMyMy00ODEzLWE4NzktOGQxNjcyNjY4ZjBjXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTY5Nzc4MDY@._V1_SX300.jpg", "Ratings": [{"Source": "Internet Movie Database", "Value": "6.5/10"}], "Metascore": "N/A", "imdbRating": "6.5", "imdbVotes": "41", "imdbID": "tt0149997", "Type": "movie", "DVD": "N/A", "BoxOffice": "N/A", "Production": "N/A", "Website": "N/A", "Response": "True"}