{"Title": "Tree's a Crowd", "Year": "1958", "Rated": "N/A", "Released": "06 Sep 1958", "Runtime": "6 min", "Genre": "Animation, Family, Short", "Director": "Paul J. Smith", "Writer": "Homer Brightman", "Actors": "Daws Butler, Grace Stafford", "Plot": "Was very fond of Woody Woodpecker and his cartoons as a child. Still get much enjoyment out of them now as a young adult, even if there are more interesting in personality cartoon characters and better overall cartoons.That is in no way knocking Woody, because many of his cartoons are a lot of fun to watch and more and also still like him a lot as a character. He is fun in 'Tree's a Crowd', but he isn't the manic persona that he wasn't originally, Woody became increasingly toned down over the years to either a hero, a fun enough but more crafty out-witter than manic pest and then in other cartoons he could be a jerk. He is in the second category here.Character of the Colonel was one of those fairly underused and limited characters basically reduced to giving orders and starting the conflict. Nothing he does is particularly funny or interesting, he is essentially one of those \"just there\" characters.It is the animation that fares least in 'Tree's a Crowd', which was not unexpected. Time and budget constraints shows in some of the animation, which is a little rushed looking in the drawing and detail wise it's on the simplistic and careless side like many of Woody's cartoons from this period continuing through to the 60s. Some of the action is occasionally predictable and typical Woody Woodpecker.On the other hand, the music however is bouncy, energetic and very lushly orchestrated, not only synchronising and fitting with the action very well but enhancing it. The whole cartoon goes at a lively pace, especially in the second half.Most of the gags, while never hilarious, are amusing and timed well. The best material comes from Filbert's devices and tricks as well as his numerous attempts to repair any damage and how Woody outwits them all. Filbert also fares best out of the characters, he has the liveliest personality and has the best material. He and Woody work well together.The voice work is solid, with Grace Stafford continuing to prove why she was the best voice actor for the character and the one that understood him the most.Overall, not great but also not bad. 6/10 Bethany Cox", "Language": "English", "Country": "United States", "Awards": "N/A", "Poster": "https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BMzYyZmNmODAtMTBmYy00Nzc2LWI5NGYtNTgzN2ExMDY5OWVlXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyODMwMjk1NDE@._V1_SX300.jpg", "Ratings": [{"Source": "Internet Movie Database", "Value": "6.0/10"}], "Metascore": "N/A", "imdbRating": "6.0", "imdbVotes": "54", "imdbID": "tt0153282", "Type": "movie", "DVD": "N/A", "BoxOffice": "N/A", "Production": "N/A", "Website": "N/A", "Response": "True"}