{"Title": "The Badge and the Beautiful", "Year": "1974", "Rated": "G", "Released": "17 Apr 1974", "Runtime": "6 min", "Genre": "Animation, Short", "Director": "Robert Balser", "Writer": "John W. Dunn", "Actors": "Bob Holt, Larry D. Mann, Joan Gerber", "Plot": "Quite the opposite sadly. Actually don't mind the Hoot Kloot series at all, and the early cartoons were mostly decent and more before it became more hit and miss with the later ones. It is hard to not be interested in what 'The Badge and the Beautiful' (appetising title by the way) would do with their version of the famous Calamity Jane, and especially if anybody liked the series' earlier version of Wild Bill Hickcock in 'Stirrups and Hiccups' (being one of those people).'The Badge and the Beautiful' didn't do much for me sadly. All three cartoons directed by Bob Balsar are among the worst of the Hoot Kloot cartoons in my view (along with 'Ten Miles to the Gallop', 'Giddy Up Woe' and 'Saddle Soap Opera'), and 'The Badge and the Beautiful' is probably the worst of those three. That doesn't mean that it's irredeemably awful or anything or a calamity, none of the Hoot Kloot cartoons are on that level. It just didn't do much for me and it does make me sad saying that.Am going to start with the good. There are some nice colours and interesting abstract backgrounds. The music is rousing and full of characterful energy that never sounds at odds with anything.Did think that Bob Holt gave it his all and does well in giving individuality to the characters he voices. The cartoon did start promisingly with a terrific \"whip crack away\" entrance from Calamitous Jane.Unfortunately, that's where the redeeming merits for Calamitous Jane end, a character that makes Crazywolf tolerable in comparison and that is not an easy feat. Really did not like to put it politely how she was animated, she is annoying rather than formidable or funny (one does not understand what anybody sees in her) and Joan Gerber's voice work does not fit the Witch Hazel-like character design, this needed somebody like June Foray. Hoot Kloot has some nice dialogue moments but seems out of his depth in a situation that felt somewhat out of place in this series despite having its spin on Calamity Jane. Out of all the characters in 'The Badge and the Beautiful' the only likeable or halfway amusing one is Fester and his role isn't huge.Despite starting off promisingly, 'The Badge and the Beautiful' declines once Hoot Kloot and Jane meet. Then it comes very predictable and repetitive, with the gags (which could also have been more in number) lacking any kind of imagination and falling flat from seeing similar many other times with much more freshness. The only parts that had any kind of amusement were a few nice wordplay lines from Hoot Kloot, which were still uninspired by his standards. The character animation is really not attractive here, with Jane's in the latter half of the cartoon being close to hideous. The pacing needed a lot more energy.In conclusion, didn't do much for me. 4/10.", "Language": "English", "Country": "United States", "Awards": "N/A", "Poster": "N/A", "Ratings": [{"Source": "Internet Movie Database", "Value": "5.5/10"}], "Metascore": "N/A", "imdbRating": "5.5", "imdbVotes": "12", "imdbID": "tt0149772", "Type": "movie", "DVD": "N/A", "BoxOffice": "N/A", "Production": "N/A", "Website": "N/A", "Response": "True"}